Update ConversationalAgent related prompts (#45)
deepset-ai/prompthub: prompts/deepset-conversational-agent.md

This prompt is intended to be used with a Haystack `Agent`, specifically, a [`ConversationalAgent`](https://docs.haystack.deepset.ai/docs/agent#conversational-agent).

To learn how to use this prompt and the `ConversationalAgent`, check out our [Building a Conversational Chat App Tutorial](https://haystack.deepset.ai/tutorials/24_building_chat_app).

> By default, the `ConversationalAgent` would use this prompt when it's provided with tools. If you want to more flexibility, below is an example of how you might use this prompt with the `Agent`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the `ConversationalAgent` would use this prompt when it's initialized with tools. If you want more flexibility, below is an example of how you might use this prompt with the `Agent`.
```

Reviewer: I welcome any other suggestion than "initialized", it's just that "provided" is a little bit vague here.
Another option:
```suggestion
By default, the `ConversationalAgent` would use this prompt when it's used with tools. If you want more flexibility, below is an example of how you might use this prompt with the `Agent`.
```

Author: I think 'initialized' is a great option here, I'll go with that 👍

> This prompt is intended to be used with a Haystack `Agent`, specificallly, a [`ConversationalAgent`](https://docs.haystack.deepset.ai/docs/agent#conversational-agent).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This prompt is intended to be used with a Haystack `Agent`, specifically, a [`ConversationalAgent`](https://docs.haystack.deepset.ai/docs/agent#conversational-agent).
```

To learn how to use this prompt and the `ConversationalAgent`, check out our [Building a Conversational Chat App Tutorial](https://haystack.deepset.ai/tutorials/24_building_chat_app).

> By default, the `ConversationalAgent` in Haystack would use this prompt without having to provide it using `prompt_template`. However, below is an example of how you might manually create a `PromptTemplate` with this prompt, and how you might use it with the ConversationalAgent.

Reviewer: So which prompt does conversational agent use by default? Is it `deepset-conversational-agent` or `deepset-conversational-agent-without-tools`?

Author: Good question. Now that I think about it again, it's not correct to state that ConversationalAgent uses any of these prompt. It uses the **copy** of these prompts in haystack repo

Reviewer: I think we can still say "use this prompt", because if we switch to "copy of this prompt", even though technically it's correct, it will complicate the language for the whole prompthub and we'll need to keep it in mind every time.

## How to use in Haystack

1. Create a `PromptTemplate` that uses `deepset/conversational-agent`:

```python
import os

from haystack.nodes import PromptNode, PromptTemplate

conversational_agent_from_hub = PromptTemplate("deepset/conversational-agent")

prompt_node = PromptNode(
    "gpt-3.5-turbo",
    api_key=os.environ.get("OPENAI_API_KEY"),
    max_length=256,
    stop_words=["Observation:"],
)
```

2. Create a `ConversationalAgent` with `prompt_template`:

```python
from haystack.agents.conversational import ConversationalAgent

agent = ConversationalAgent(prompt_node=prompt_node,
                            prompt_template=conversational_agent_from_hub,

>                             tools=[search_tool])

Reviewer 2: `search_tool` creation is missing in this example.

Author: I didn't put that on purpose as it gives the idea without adding the whole working code
